added more content for argo cd push model (#5532)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_service_account_argo_cd.adoc

[#gitops-service-account-argo-cd]

> = Creating a customized service account with Argo CD 

Reviewer: "Creating a customized service account with Argo CD"

"With" seems to give the impression that ArgoCD is used to create the service account.

I think it's better either:
"Using a customized service account with the Argo CD push model" or "Creating a customized service account for use with the Argo CD push model"

Reviewer 2: The title needs to match the actual task. Please be careful with "Using" and we can end up calling everything "Using." :-) We also need to keep it concise, if possible.

Since the user is "Creating" in this task, we need to keep that in the title.

_Creating a customized service account for Argo CD push model_

Does this work?

We don't normally write: _for use with_

Create a service account on a managed cluster by creating a `managedserviceaccount` resource on the hub cluster. Use the `clusterpermission` resource to grant specific permissions to the service account.

> By granting cluster permissions to your managed service accounts, you can deploy applications across managed clusters. 

Reviewer: "you can deploy applications across managed clusters.", 

maybe more specific? ==>

"it will have the necessary permission to deploy the application resources on the managed clusters".

Reviewer 2: _it will have the_ 

We should not use "to be" phrases in the doc for many reasons, that is why we take them out per our tech writing standards.

It really needs to be rewritten and straight to the point and probably added to the top of the file as the introduction. We tell the user why they need to do it AFTER we tell them what to do...I think we can flip that:

_Grant cluster permissions to your managed service accounts so that you can deploy applications across managed clusters._

Remember: Active voice almost always, and imperative almost always.

Complete the following procedures:

. <<Creating a managed service account>> 
. <<Creating a cluster permission>> 

> . <<Creating a managed service account in GitOpsCluster>> 

Reviewer: <<Creating a managed service account in GitOpsCluster>> 

We're not creating the managed service account in the gitopscluster resource. We're "using" or "referencing" the service account in the gitopscluster resource.

. <<Creating an Argo CD application>> 

== Creating a managed service account 

> Create a managed service account so you can have cluster permissions for your other service accounts. When you create a managed service account, you simultaneously create a secret with the same name as the managed service account. This secret is in the cluster namespace for the hub cluster and contains the access token for the `managed-sa-sample` service account that is used in the Argo CD cluster secret.

Reviewer: "Create a managed service account so you can have cluster permissions for your other service accounts."

Not sure if that's correct.  There must be existing doc in ACM that talks about managed service accounts already that we could reference: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html/multicluster_engine/managed-serviceaccount-addon#doc-wrapper

Basically, what we want to say here is something like:
The ManagedServiceAccount custom resource on the hub provides a convenient way to create ServiceAccounts on the managed clusters; When a ManagedServiceAccount custom resource is created in the <managed_cluster> namespace on the hub cluster, a ServiceAccount is created on the managed cluster.

> Create a managed service account so you can have cluster permissions for your other service accounts. When you create a managed service account, you simultaneously create a secret with the same name as the managed service account. This secret is in the cluster namespace for the hub cluster and contains the access token for the `managed-sa-sample` service account that is used in the Argo CD cluster secret.

Reviewer: "When you create a managed service account, you simultaneously create a secret with the same name as the managed service account. This secret is in the cluster namespace for the hub cluster and contains the access token for the `managed-sa-sample` service account that is used in the Argo CD cluster secret."

This is implementation detail. I think we could omit this. Check with the team though.

Reviewer 2: I agree if it is in the doc, always we don't want to rewrite it.

> . Ensure the `managedserviceaccount-preview` component is enabled by running, `oc edit mce multiclusterengine`. 

Reviewer: Is it better to reference the managed service account doc here:
https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html/multicluster_engine/managed-serviceaccount-addon#doc-wrapper

The doc above talks about enabling the ManagedClusterAddon for the managed-serviceaccount. It does not talk about enabling the managedserviceaccount-preview feature in MCE. Either case, I think we should reference the doc above on how to enable managed service account and create a managed service account.

We should ask the foundation team if the above doc is correct - is it missing the section to enable the managedserviceaccount-preview feature in MCE.

. For the `managedserviceaccount-preview` component, set `enabled=true`: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get mce multiclusterengine -o yaml 
apiVersion: multicluster.openshift.io/v1
kind: MultiClusterEngine
metadata:
  name: multiclusterengine
spec:
  availabilityConfig: High
  imagePullSecret: multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret
  overrides:
    components:
    - enabled: true     =====> set enabled=true
      name: managedserviceaccount-preview
    ...
----

. Go to the hub cluster > `managed cluster` > `cluster1`. 
. To install the `managedserviceaccount` add-on on `cluster1`, apply the following YAML:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ManagedClusterAddOn
metadata:
  name: managed-serviceaccount
  namespace: cluster1
spec:
  installNamespace: "open-cluster-management-agent-addon"
----

.  To verify the `managed-serviceaccount` add-on is running on the managed cluster, `cluster1`, run the following command: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get pods -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon
managed-serviceaccount-addon-agent-bb9799fbc-dwxzp   1/1     Running   0             47s
----

> 

Reviewer 3: @philipwu08  @fmt47  I remember foundation has changed the way for deploying managed service account component.  Could you double check it and provide the new way if this is not working any more

Reviewer: @xiangjingli I could verify but I think this is another reason to reference the managed service account doc: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html/multicluster_engine/managed-serviceaccount-addon#doc-wrapper

This way we're not out-of-sync if there are changes in the future.

. To create the `managed-sa-sample` service account on `cluster1`, apply the following YAML on the hub cluster for the `managedserviceaccount` resource:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: authentication.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ManagedServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: managed-sa-sample
  namespace: cluster1
spec:
  rotation: {}
----

. To verify that the `managed-sa-sample` service account is created on `cluster1`, run the following command:  

+
[source,yaml]
----
// go to cluster1
% oc get sa -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon managed-sa-sample
----

> . To access the secret for your managed service account, run the following command: 

Reviewer: "To access the secret for your managed service account, run the following command: "

I think we can skip this. This is detail I don't think the user needs know about.

+
[source,yaml]
----
// go to the hub cluster
% oc get secrets -n cluster1 managed-sa-sample
----

== Creating a cluster permission 

> To grant permissions to the new service account, use the `clusterpermission` resource. The `clusterpermission` resource helps you deploy your applications. 

Reviewer: Maybe add in the beginning:

When the service account is created, is does not have any permission associated to it. To grant permissions ...

> To grant permissions to the new service account, use the `clusterpermission` resource. The `clusterpermission` resource helps you deploy your applications. 

Reviewer: "The `clusterpermission` resource helps you deploy your applications. "

clusterpermission does not help you deploy your application, it's basically a way to grant permission to your service account, so maybe something like this?

The clusterpermission resource is created in the managed cluster namespace on the hub. It provides a convenient way to create role, clusterrole resources on the managed clusters, and bind them to a service account through a
rolebinding or clusterrolebinding resource.

> . To grant the `managed-sa-sample` service account permission to deploy your sample application, apply the following YAML: 

Reviewer: To grant the `managed-sa-sample` service account permission to deploy your sample application

Instead of "your sample application", I think we could be more specific here and say "the sample mortgage application to the mortgage namespace on cluster1", since the permission here is specific to that application

Reviewer 2: This only works if the sample does not change @philipwu08 -- if you guys change the sample, our doc is out of date.

    - apiGroups: ["storage.k8s.io"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["list"]
  - namespace: mortgage
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "services", "namespace"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
  clusterRole:
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["*"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["get", "list"]
  roleBindings:
  - namespace: default
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  - namespace: mortgage
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
----

. Create a NC  `mortage` if one does not already exist. 
. Review the resources that are created on the `cluster1`. 

> == Creating a managed service account in GitOpsCluster 

Reviewer 3: The title may be a bit confusing. The below description is accurate
```
Use the GitOpsCluster to create the Argo CD cluster secret using the `managed-sa-sample` service account.
```

Reviewer: Agree, see comment in line 12.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a little intro here about the gitopscluster resource first?

The gitopscluster resource uses placement to import selected managed clusters into Argo CD. The includes the creation of the Argo CD cluster secrets, which contains info used to access the clusters. By default, the Argo CD cluster secret uses the application manager service account to access the managed clusters.

You could also reference the doc here: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.9_stage/gitops/gitops_registering.adoc

> Use the GitOpsCluster to create the Argo CD cluster secret using the `managed-sa-sample` service account.

Reviewer: With the intro, we could remove this since it's not exactly correct.

> . To update the GitOpsCluster resource to add the `managedServiceAccountRef`, run the following YAML: 

Reviewer: To update the GitOpsCluster resource to use the managed service account , add the `managedServiceAccountRef`  property with the name of the managed service account, and run the following YAML.

The yaml could be wraped in the "oc apply -f - << EOF" to get the command

Reviewer 2: Again, we don't want to use EOF in official doc

+
[source,yaml]

> ----

Reviewer: This gitopscluster resource yaml is not complete.

See doc: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.9_stage/gitops/gitops_registering.adoc

Actually, looks like we could delete this partial yaml completely. The YAML below contains the full YAML for the gitopscluster resource.

spec:
  argoServer:
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
    cluster: local-cluster
  managedServiceAccountRef: managed-sa-sample
  placementRef:
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    kind: Placement
    name: aws-app-placement
----

. To create a GitOpsCluster custom resource, run the following full YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
---
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta2
kind: ManagedClusterSetBinding
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  clusterSet: default
---
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: Placement
metadata:
  name: all-openshift-clusters
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  predicates:
  - requiredClusterSelector:
      labelSelector:
        matchExpressions:
        - key: name
          operator: "In"
          values:
          - "cluster1"
---

> apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1

Reviewer: FYI, gitopslcuster resource is here already. we can take it out from line 170

kind: GitOpsCluster
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  managedServiceAccountRef: managed-sa-sample
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

. Go to the `openshift-gitops` namespace and verify that there is a new Argo CD cluster secret with the name `cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret`:

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get secrets -n openshift-gitops cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret    
NAME                                        TYPE     DATA   AGE
cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret   Opaque   3      4m2s
----

== Creating an Argo CD application 

> Use your cluster secret to deliver an Argo CD application from the Argo CD UI. The Argo CD application is delivered by the managed service account, `managed-sa-sample`. 

Reviewer: Is "deploy" better than "deliver"?

Reviewer 2: please remove UI, as we need to use the word console

The `managedserviceaccount` custom resource on the hub provides a convenient way to create `serviceaccounts` on the managed clusters. When a `managedserviceccount` custom resource is created in the `<managed_cluster>` namespace on the hub cluster, a `serviceccount` is created on the managed cluster.

To create a managed service account, see link:../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/addon_managed_service.adoc#managed-serviceaccount-addon[Enabling managedserviceaccount add-ons].

== Creating a cluster permission 

When the service account is created, is does not have any permission associated to it. To grant permissions to the new service account, use the `clusterpermission` resource. The `clusterpermission` resource is created in the managed cluster namespace on the hub. It provides a convenient way to create roles, cluster roles resources on the managed clusters, and bind them to a service account through a `rolebinding` or `clusterrolebinding` resource.

. To grant the `<managed-sa-sample>` service account permission to the sample mortgage application that is deployed to the mortgage namespace on `<managed cluster>`, create a YAML with the following content: 

> 

Reviewer 2: We can do this in another round but I agree that we need split the YAML like we do throughout the doc and provide clear steps to apply them. It seems there may be a formatting issue in the editor that may resolve when we do that or may not, we can investigate. Approving to get us closer to reorg steps.

      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: ["storage.k8s.io"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["list"]
  - namespace: mortgage
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "services", "namespace"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
  clusterRole:
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["*"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["get", "list"]
  roleBindings:
  - namespace: default
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: <managed-sa-sample>
  - namespace: mortgage
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: <managed-sa-sample>
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: <managed-sa-sample>
----

> . Run `oc apply -f cluster-permission.yaml`. 

Reviewer: We should probably ask them to save the YAML in a file called cluster-permission.yaml, since we're referring to a file by this name for the apply command.

. Review the resources that are created on the `<managed cluster>`. 

== Using a managed service account in the GitOpsCluster resource

The GitOpsCluster resource uses placement to import selected managed clusters into the Argo CD, including the the creation of the Argo CD cluster secrets which contains information used to access the clusters. By default, the Argo CD cluster secret uses the application manager service account to access the managed clusters. 

. To update the GitOpsCluster resource to use the managed service account , add the `managedServiceAccountRef` property with the name of the managed service account. 
. To create a GitOpsCluster custom resource, save the following YAML as a Gitops.YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
---
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  managedServiceAccountRef: <managed-sa-sample>
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

> . Run `oc apply -f gitops.yaml`. 

Reviewer: Ask user to save YAML to file called gitops.yaml

                    roleRef:
                      kind: Role
                    subject:
                      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
                      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
                      name: <managed-sa-sample>
                  clusterRoleBinding:
                    subject:
                      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
                      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
                      name: <managed-sa-sample>
            {{ end }}
            {{ end }}
---
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: PlacementBinding
metadata:
  name: binding-policy-gitops
  namespace: openshift-gitops
placementRef:
  name: lc-app-placement
  kind: Placement
  apiGroup: cluster.open-cluster-management.io
subjects:
  - name: policy-gitops
    kind: Policy
    apiGroup: policy.open-cluster-management.io
---
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: Placement
metadata:
  name: lc-app-placement
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  numberOfClusters: 1
  predicates:
  - requiredClusterSelector:
      labelSelector:
        matchLabels:
          name: local-cluster
----

> . Run `oc apply -f policy.yaml`. 

Reviewer: Same comment. We're referring to policy.yaml but we never asked user to save the YAML in a file with this name.

    - apiGroups: ["storage.k8s.io"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["list"]
  - namespace: mortgage
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "services", "namespace"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
  clusterRole:
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["*"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["get", "list"]
  roleBindings:
  - namespace: default
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: <managed-sa-sample>
  - namespace: mortgage
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: <managed-sa-sample>
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: <managed-sa-sample>
----

. Save the YAML file in a file called, `cluster-permission.yaml`.
. Run `oc apply -f cluster-permission.yaml`. 

> . The sample `<clusterpermission>` creates a role called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>` in the mortgage namespace. If one does not already exist, create a namespace `mortgage`. 

Reviewer 3: Once the sample `<clusterpermission>` is created, the following resources are created in the given managed cluster
- one role called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>` in the default namespace
- one rolebinding called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>` in the default namespace for binding the role to the managed service account

- one role called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>` in the mortgage namespace
- one rolebinding called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>` in the mortgage namespace for binding the role to the managed service account

-  one clusterrole called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>`
- one clusterrolebinding called `<clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample>` for binding the clusterRole to the managed service account

. To create a GitOpsCluster custom resource, save the following YAML as a Gitops.YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
---
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  managedServiceAccountRef: <managed-sa-sample>
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

. Save the YAML file in a file called, `gitops.yaml`.
. Run `oc apply -f gitops.yaml`. 
. Go to the `openshift-gitops` namespace and verify that there is a new Argo CD cluster secret with the name `<managed cluster-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret>`:

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get secrets -n openshift-gitops <managed cluster-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret>    
NAME                                        TYPE     DATA   AGE
<managed cluster-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret>   Opaque   3      4m2s
----

. Save the YAML file in a file called, `cluster-permission.yaml`.

> . Run `oc apply -f cluster-permission.yaml`. 

Reviewer 3: delete the two lines 
```
. Save the YAML file in a file called, `cluster-permission.yaml`.
. Run `oc apply -f cluster-permission.yaml`. 
```

[#gitops-service-account-argo-cd]
= Creating a customized service account with Argo CD Push model 

When you use the default Argo CD cluster secret, you might encounter limitation like the following: 

> * The application subscription addon, or application manager, must be installed on your managed cluster because it creates a secret in the managed cluster namespace. This secret contains the access token for the application manager service account. 

Reviewer 2: we need to make sure we are writing add-on the same throughout the doc:

Preferred add-on noun
Write as shown: hyphenated.

Reviewer 2: I also think we were writing Application manager (not sure, let's look into that)

Author: Yes, I've made it `add-on` 

For now, I'm keeping it `application manager` because it's lowercased in our `gitops_push-pull.adoc` so I think lowercase in this doc would at least be consistent with other docs within the gitops folder. 

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Sure, but it is probably wrong. :-)

> * You need a cluster admin role service account for your application manager service account. The application manager service account has a broad set of permissions since the account is used by the application subscription addon to deploy applications on the managed cluster. 

Reviewer 2: Same here, please rewrite for conciseness, but why do we say the same thing twice? (line 7)

> To work around these limitations, use a customized service account on the managed clusters. Create a service account on a managed cluster by creating a `managedserviceaccount` resource on the hub. Then, use the `clusterpermission` resource to grant specific permissions to the service account.

Reviewer 2: what limitations? We don't usually discuss limitations in true procedures...we put those in the release notes. It seems this is a requirement? Simply: (please write out "hub cluster")

Create a service account on a managed cluster by creating a `managedserviceaccount` resource on the hub cluster. Then, use the `clusterpermission` resource to grant specific permissions to the service account.

Author: I've removed these bullets all together. 

What do you think? 

Philip and/or SMEs, is there important meaning loss by removing the content that I did?

> By granting cluster permissions to your managed service accounts ,you can deploy applications across managed clusters. 

Reviewer 2: space

> Complete the following procedures in the following order:

Reviewer 2: we don't ever say "in order" as that is a given with the task.

> . <<Creating a managed service account>> 

Reviewer 2: <<Creating a managed service account, Creating a managed service account >> is how you build an anchor and our rule is if we have three or more sections, so this is great.

== Creating a managed service account 

Create a managed service account so you can have cluster permissions for your other service accounts. When you create a managed service account, you simultaneously create a secret with the same name as the managed service account. This secret is in the cluster namespace for the hub and contains the access token for the `managed-sa-sample` service account that is used in the ArgoCD cluster secret.

.Prerequisites

. Ensure the `managedserviceaccount-preview` component is enabled by running, `oc edit mce multiclusterengine`. 
. For the `managedserviceaccount-preview` component, set `enabled=true`: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get mce multiclusterengine -o yaml 
apiVersion: multicluster.openshift.io/v1
kind: MultiClusterEngine
metadata:
  name: multiclusterengine
spec:
  availabilityConfig: High
  imagePullSecret: multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret
  overrides:
    components:
    - enabled: true     =====> set enabled=true
      name: managedserviceaccount-preview
    ...
----

.Procedure

. Go to the hub cluster > `managed cluster` > `cluster1`. 
. To install the `managedserviceaccount` addon on `cluster1`, apply the following YAML:

> 

Reviewer 2: There is usually a command to apply, as we would not just assume they have it?

Author: Philip, I didn't see a command in the Gdoc template, do you know if we have one?

Reviewer: We could provide an `oc patch` command to make it simplier, but might be better to take this out and reference the existing managed service account doc.

> . To grant the `<managed-sa-sample>` service account permission to the sample mortgage application that is deployed to the mortgage namespace on `<managed cluster>`, apply the following YAML: 

Reviewer: "apply the following YAML" 
 
maybe change to "create a YAML with the following content":

Our command "oc apply -f yaml.yaml", expects the YAML to be saved in a file called yaml.yaml. Maybe ask them to save the YAML to a file called "cluster-permission.yaml". This way the yaml will not conflict with other YAMLs they will be saving.

The command is then:
oc apply -f cluster-permission.yaml

> oc apply -f yaml.yaml

Reviewer: Move command after the YAML?

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: addon.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ManagedClusterAddOn
metadata:
  name: managed-serviceaccount
  namespace: cluster1
spec:
  installNamespace: "open-cluster-management-agent-addon"
----

.  To verify the `managed-serviceaccount` addon is running on the managed cluster, `cluster1`, run the following command: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get pods -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon
managed-serviceaccount-addon-agent-bb9799fbc-dwxzp   1/1     Running   0             47s
----

. To create the `managed-sa-sample` service account on `cluster1`, apply the following YAML on the hub for the `managedserviceaccount` resource:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: authentication.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ManagedServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: managed-sa-sample
  namespace: cluster1
spec:
  rotation: {}
----

> .Verification 

Reviewer 2: we don't usually use these ^^^ What is the benefit of this?

Author: I've removed them :)

. To verify that the `managed-sa-sample` service account is created on `cluster1`, run the following command:  

+
[source,yaml]
----
// go to cluster1
% oc get sa -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon managed-sa-sample
----

. To access the secret for your managed service account, run the following command: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
// go to the hub cluster
% oc get secrets -n cluster1 managed-sa-sample
----

== Creating a cluster permission 

To grant permissions to the new service account, use the `clusterpermission` resource. The `clusterpermission` resource helps you deploy your applications. 

.Prerequisites 

> * You have completed <<Creating a managed service account>>

Reviewer 2: We don't need this, as it is understood in the procedure order.

> . To create a GitOpsCluster custom resource, run the following full YAML: 

Reviewer: Save this YAML as gitops.yaml, then the command after the YAML is:

oc apply -f gitops.yaml

> oc apply -f yaml.yaml

Reviewer: If we go with Chris's suggestion, this command needs to be moved after the yaml.

      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: ["storage.k8s.io"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["list"]
  - namespace: mortgage
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "services", "namespace"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
  clusterRole:
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["*"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["get", "list"]
  roleBindings:
  - namespace: default
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  - namespace: mortgage
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
----

> 

Reviewer 2: Usually there is a command in these examples with two steps. 

Create the YAML
Apply the file

Author: Philip, again, I didn't see a command in the Gdoc template. Am I overlooking anything? Do you know if we have one to use here like Brandi suggests?

Reviewer: You can wrap any yaml with the oc command, like this:
oc apply -f - <<EOF

yaml content in the middle

EOF

For example:
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: rbac.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterPermission
metadata:
  name: clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample
  namespace: cluster1
spec:
  roles:
  - namespace: default
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "podtemplates", "persistentvolumeclaims", "persistentvolumes"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: ["storage.k8s.io"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["list"]
  - namespace: mortgage
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "services", "namespace"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
  clusterRole:
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["*"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["get", "list"]
  roleBindings:
  - namespace: default
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  - namespace: mortgage
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
EOF

Author: Please let me know if I applied the feedback correctly by adding the oc command to the yaml.

Reviewer: Missing EOF at the end, see comment above for location

Reviewer 4: Hi @philipwu08. You are correct that you can use the "EOF" format, but for consistency, we break it up in our docs. For example: 

. Create the following YAML file named `yaml.yaml`

----
yaml content here
----

. Apply the file by entering the following command:

----
oc apply -f yaml.yaml
----

Reviewer 2: We don't usually write EOF in the docs, @philipwu08 bc we want the YAML as clean as possible, does it break the user here without it?

Reviewer: Yes, if we use `oc apply -f - <<EOF` then `EOF` is also needed at the end. Or we could change it to what Chris proposed, which is to just include the YAML content, then provide the command separately.

> . Create a NC  `mortage` if one does not already exist. 

Reviewer 2: NC?

Author: Philip, can `NC` be removed? Or does it stand for something and determines what kind of mortage the user will create?

Reviewer: NC stands for namespace. So this needs a bit more explanation.

The sample clusterpermission above creates a role called clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample in the mortgage namespace.

Reviewer 2: We need to ensure we are not using shortcuts or "developer speak" and we write the same way across the whole docs, @philipwu08 -- so here would would write out namespace.

.Verification

* Review the resources that are created on the `cluster1`. 

== Creating a managed service account in GitOpsCluster 

Use the GitOpsCluster to create the ArgoCD cluster secret using the `managed-sa-sample` service account.

.Prerequisites 
. You have completed <<Creating a managed service account>> 
. You have completed <<Creating a cluster permission>> 

.Procedure 

. To update the GitOpsCluster resource to add the `managedServiceAccountRef`, run the following YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  argoServer:
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
    cluster: local-cluster
  managedServiceAccountRef: managed-sa-sample
  placementRef:
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    kind: Placement
    name: aws-app-placement
----

> . To create a GitOpsCluster CR, run the following full YAML: 

Reviewer 2: We spell out CR usually.

metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  managedServiceAccountRef: managed-sa-sample
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

.Verification 

* Go to the `openshift-gitops` namespace and verify that there is a new Argo CD cluster secret with the name `cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret`:

+
[source,yaml]
----
% oc get secrets -n openshift-gitops cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret    
NAME                                        TYPE     DATA   AGE
cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret   Opaque   3      4m2s
----

== Creating an Argo CD application 

Use your cluster secret to deliver an Argo CD application from the Argo CD UI. The Argo CD application is delivered by the managed service account, `managed-sa-sample`. 

.Prerequisites 

. You have completed <<Creating a managed service account>> 
. You have completed <<Creating a cluster permission>> 
. You have completed <<Creating a managed service account in GitOpsCluster>>

> 

Reviewer 2: we don't need this

.Procedure 

> . Log into the Argo CD UI. 

Reviewer 2: Console, instead of UI

> . To create a policy for a YAML to create a managed service account and cluster permission, run the following YAML: 

Reviewer: Since the command comes after the YAML, maybe instead of "run the following YAML", 

==> "create a YAML with the following content"

We save this YAML as policy.yaml?

> oc apply -f yaml.yaml

Reviewer: Move this command after the yaml for consistency

+
[source,yaml]
----

> oc apply -f yaml.yaml

Reviewer: This is not needed

After completing all the following procedures, you can grant cluster permissions to your managed service account. Having the cluster permissions, your managed service account has the necessary permissions to deploy your application resources on the managed clusters. Complete the following procedures:

. <<Creating a managed service account>> 
. <<Creating a cluster permission>> 
. <<Using a managed service account in the GitOpsCluster resource>> 
. <<Creating an Argo CD application>> 
. <<Using policy to create managed service accounts and cluster permissions>>

== Creating a managed service account 

The `managedserviceaccount` custom resource on the hub provides a convenient way to create `serviceaccounts` on the managed clusters. When a `managedserviceccount` custom resource is created in the `<managed_cluster>` namespace on the hub cluster, a `serviceccount` is created on the managed cluster.

To create a managed service account, see link:../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/addon_managed_service.adoc#managed-serviceaccount-addon[Enabling managedserviceaccount add-ons].

== Creating a cluster permission 

> When the service account is created, is does not have any permission associated to it. To grant permissions to the new service account, use the `clusterpermission` resource. The `clusterpermission` resource is created in the managed cluster namespace on the hub. It provides a convenient way to create roles, cluster roles resources on the managed clusters, and bind them to a service account through a `rolebinding` or `clusterrolebinding` resource.

Reviewer 3: When the service account is created, **is** does not have any permission associated to it.
====>
When the service account is created, **it** does not have any permission associated to it.

* The service account must exist on the managed cluster. To facilitate the creation of the service account with the associated permissions, use the `managedserviceaccount` resource and the new `clusterpermission` resource on the centralized hub cluster. 

After completing all the following procedures, you can grant cluster permissions to your managed service account. Having the cluster permissions, your managed service account has the necessary permissions to deploy your application resources on the managed clusters. Complete the following procedures:

. <<Creating a managed service account>> 
. <<Creating a cluster permission>> 
. <<Using a managed service account in the GitOpsCluster resource>> 
. <<Creating an Argo CD application>> 
. <<Using policy to create managed service accounts and cluster permissions>>

== Creating a managed service account 

The `managedserviceaccount` custom resource on the hub provides a convenient way to create `serviceaccounts` on the managed clusters. When a `managedserviceccount` custom resource is created in the `<managed_cluster>` namespace on the hub cluster, a `serviceccount` is created on the managed cluster.

> To create a manages service account, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html/multicluster_engine/managed-serviceaccount-addon#doc-wrapper[Enabling manageserviceaccoutn add-ons] 

Author: Docs, please help me locate the proper file so I can link to it as an xref, not an external link.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To create a managed service account, see link:../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/addon_managed_service.adoc#managed-serviceaccount-addon[Enabling managedserviceaccount add-ons].
```

> To create a manages service account, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html/multicluster_engine/managed-serviceaccount-addon#doc-wrapper[Enabling manageserviceaccoutn add-ons] 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To create a managed service account, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html/multicluster_engine/managed-serviceaccount-addon#doc-wrapper[Enabling managederviceaccount add-ons] 
```

== Creating a cluster permission 

When the service account is created, is does not have any permission associated to it. To grant permissions to the new service account, use the `clusterpermission` resource. The `clusterpermission` resource is created in the managed cluster namespace on the hub. It provides a convenient way to create roles, cluster roles resources on the managed clusters, and bind them to a service account through a `rolebinding` or `clusterrolebinding` resource.

> . To grant the `managed-sa-sample` service account permission to the sample mortgage application to the mortgage namespace on `cluster1`, apply the following YAML: 

Reviewer: to the sample mortgage application to the mortgage namespace on `cluster1`

maybe 

to the sample mortgage application that is deployed to the mortgage namespace on `cluster1`

      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: ["storage.k8s.io"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["list"]
  - namespace: mortgage
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["apps"]
      resources: ["deployments"]
      verbs: ["get", "list", "create", "update", "delete", "patch"]
    - apiGroups: [""]
      resources: ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods", "services", "namespace"]
      verbs: ["get", "update", "list", "create", "delete", "patch"]
  clusterRole:
    rules:
    - apiGroups: ["*"]
      resources: ["*"]
      verbs: ["get", "list"]
  roleBindings:
  - namespace: default
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  - namespace: mortgage
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
      name: managed-sa-sample

> ----

Reviewer: Need an EOF here (at the end) 

Replace ----- with EOF

> 

Reviewer: Need an EOF here (at the end)

> . The sample `clusterpermission` creates a role called `clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample` in the mortgage namespace. If one does not already exist, create a namespace `mortage`. 

Reviewer: namespace `mortage` => namespace called `mortgage`

Note the missing `g` in mortgage.

> . The sample `clusterpermission` creates a role called `clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample` in the mortgage namespace. If one does not already exist, create a namespace `mortage`. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. The sample `clusterpermission` creates a role called `clusterpermission-msa-subject-sample` in the mortgage namespace. If one does not already exist, create a namespace `mortgage`. 
```

. Review the resources that are created on the `cluster1`. 

== Using a managed service account in the GitOpsCluster resource

> The GitOpsCluster resource uses placement to import selected managed clusters into the Argo CD push model, including the the creation of the Argo CD cluster secrets which contains information used to access the clusters. By default, the Argo CD cluster secret uses the application manager service account to access the managed clusters. 

Reviewer: The GitOpsCluster resource uses placement to import selected managed clusters into the Argo CD push model

Remove "push model" at the end. We're importing the clusters into Argo CD only.

. To update the GitOpsCluster resource to use the managed service account , add the `managedServiceAccountRef` property with the name of the managed service account. 

> . To create a GitOpsCluster custom resource, run the following full YAML: 

Reviewer: Insert empty line?

+
[source,yaml]

> ----

Reviewer: Duplicate, we can remove this

> ---

Reviewer: Do we want to be consistent and wrap this YAML is "oc apply -f - <<EOF

Reviewer 2: We want to clearly separate YAML samples and not use EOF in official doc

apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta2
kind: ManagedClusterSetBinding
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  clusterSet: default
---
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: Placement
metadata:
  name: all-openshift-clusters
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  predicates:
  - requiredClusterSelector:
      labelSelector:
        matchExpressions:
        - key: name
          operator: "In"
          values:
          - "cluster1"
---

apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  managedServiceAccountRef: managed-sa-sample
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

. Go to the `openshift-gitops` namespace and verify that there is a new Argo CD cluster secret with the name `cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret`:

+
[source,yaml]
----

> % oc get secrets -n openshift-gitops cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret    

Reviewer: In the samples we used "cluster1" for the managed cluster. Is this ok or do we use some place holder like {managed cluster}?

Reviewer 2: @jc-berger you can see where and how it is done throughout the doc so that we are being consistent, but I think it is fair to add a placeholder. I think we normally do <managed-cluster> but please check and let me know if there is inconsistencies.

NAME                                        TYPE     DATA   AGE
cluster1-managed-sa-sample-cluster-secret   Opaque   3      4m2s
----

== Creating an Argo CD application 

> Use your cluster secret to deploy an Argo CD application from the Argo CD UI. The Argo CD application is deployed by the managed service account, `managed-sa-sample`. 

Reviewer: Use your cluster secret to deploy an Argo CD application from the Argo CD UI.

The cluster secret is used automatically, so maybe just say:

Deploy an Argo CD application from the Argo CD UI using the push model.

Reviewer 4: For consistency, we should probably console here instead of UI, unless there is a compelling reason not to do that.

Reviewer 2: console or terminal is how we use it in all of RHACM doc, never UI

> Use your cluster secret to deploy an Argo CD application from the Argo CD UI. The Argo CD application is deployed by the managed service account, `managed-sa-sample`. 

Reviewer: The Argo CD application is deployed by the managed service account,

Maybe replace "by" with "with" or "using"?

. Log into the Argo CD console. 
. Click *Create a new application*. 
. Choose the cluster URL. 
. Go to your Argo CD application and verify that it has the given permissions, like roles and cluster roles, that you propagated to `cluster1`. 

== Using policy to create managed service accounts and cluster permissions 

> Use a single policy to create the managed service account and cluster permission for all the managed clusters. When the GitOpsCluster resource is updated with the `managedServiceAccountRef`, each managed cluster in the placement of this GitOpsCluster needs to have the service account. If you have several managed clusters, it becomes tedious for you to create the managed service account and cluster permission for each managed cluster. Therefore, use a single policy. 

Reviewer: Maybe take this out and add something to the end of the paragraph instead?

"Use a single policy to create the managed service account and cluster permission for all the managed clusters."

> Use a single policy to create the managed service account and cluster permission for all the managed clusters. When the GitOpsCluster resource is updated with the `managedServiceAccountRef`, each managed cluster in the placement of this GitOpsCluster needs to have the service account. If you have several managed clusters, it becomes tedious for you to create the managed service account and cluster permission for each managed cluster. Therefore, use a single policy. 

Reviewer: "Therefore, use a single policy."

Something like:

This could be simplified using a policy to create the managed service account and cluster permission for all the managed clusters.

> When you apply the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources to the hub cluster, the placement of this policy is bound to the local cluster. You want to replicate those resources to the managed cluster namespace for all the managed clusters in the placement of the GitOpsCluster resource, making it easier to manage the namespaces and clusters.

Reviewer: Make take out the last part 

", making it easier to manage the namespaces and clusters"

> When you apply the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources to the hub cluster, the placement of this policy is bound to the local cluster. You want to replicate those resources to the managed cluster namespace for all the managed clusters in the placement of the GitOpsCluster resource, making it easier to manage the namespaces and clusters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When you apply the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources to the hub cluster, the placement of this policy is bound to the local cluster. Replicate those resources to the managed cluster namespace for all of the managed clusters in the placement of the GitOpsCluster resource, which makes it easier to manage the namespaces and clusters.
```

> Using a policy to create the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources include the following benefits:

Reviewer: I'm not sure what is the right word here, but not "benfits". 

"behaviours", "attributes", .... basically we're describing how the policy works/behaves.

> * Updating the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` object templates in the policy results in updates to all the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources.

Reviewer: to all the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources

maybe more specific:

to the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources in all the managed clusters.

> * Updating directly to the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources becomes reverted because it is enforced by the policy.

Reviewer: "Updating directly to the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources becomes reverted"

maybe:

 "Updates to the `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` resources directly will be reverted back because

* If the placement decision for the GitOpsCluster placement changes, the policy manages the creation and deletion of the resources in the managed cluster namespaces.

. To create a policy for a YAML to create a managed service account and cluster permission, run the following YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]

> ----

Reviewer: Should we be consistent and wrap it with 

oc apply -f - <<EOF

                    roleRef:
                      kind: Role
                    subject:
                      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
                      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
                      name: managed-sa-sample
                  clusterRoleBinding:
                    subject:
                      apiGroup: authentication.open-cluster-management.io
                      kind: ManagedServiceAccount
                      name: managed-sa-sample
            {{ end }}
            {{ end }}
---
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: PlacementBinding
metadata:
  name: binding-policy-gitops
  namespace: openshift-gitops
placementRef:
  name: lc-app-placement
  kind: Placement
  apiGroup: cluster.open-cluster-management.io
subjects:
  - name: policy-gitops
    kind: Policy
    apiGroup: policy.open-cluster-management.io
---
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: Placement
metadata:
  name: lc-app-placement
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  numberOfClusters: 1
  predicates:
  - requiredClusterSelector:
      labelSelector:
        matchLabels:
          name: local-cluster
----

> . In the object template of the policy, iterate through the placement decision of the GitOpsCluster associated placement and apply the following `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` templates: 

Reviewer: "In the object template of the policy, iterate through the placement decision of the GitOpsCluster associated placement and apply the following `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` templates"

maybe

In the object template of the policy, it iterates through the placement decision of the GitOpsCluster associated placement and applies the following `managedServiceAccount` and `clusterPermission` templates
